Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do. Once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, and what is the use of a book, thought Alice, without pictures or conversation?

So she was considering in her own mind, as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid, whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that. Alice did not think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late! But when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after the White Rabbit, never considering how in the world she was to get in again.

The Rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed to be a very deep well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything. Then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves. Here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed. It was labeled ORANGE MARMALADE, but to her great disappointment it was empty. She did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody underneath, so she carefully put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.

Well, said Alice to herself, after such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs. How brave they'll think me at home. Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the house. Which was very likely true.

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking again. Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think. Dinah was the cat. I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah my dear, I wish you were down here with me. There are no mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder? It was this last question that Alice kept tossing about in her head as she fell, so you see she was not directly paying attention to falling, till suddenly, thump, thump, down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.
